{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9880\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thanks for downloading Assurant! I really, really appreciate your interest in it!\
\
Assurant was the first font I ever created. I wouldn\'92t necessarily call it my best work, but it was one of my favorite personal projects to work on. It\'92s not the easiest font to work with, but I\'92m confident that someone will find its niche!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This font is completely free to use for whatever purpose you see fit - personal or commercial. I do have one small request... If you find a great use for the font, please share the work with me! I\'92d love to see how it helped you! My email is hello@clintself.com.\
\
Thanks again!\
\
\
- - Curious about how Assurant came to be? - - \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I had always wanted to design a font, but never had the time or energy. I was working my dream job, but the environment wasn\'92t favorable, to say the least. After much prayer and discussion with my family, we decided it was best that I move on and find a better opportunity elsewhere. On the first day of my unemployment, I started creating Assurant.\
\
The meaning of the font\'92s name was derived from the situation I was in. I was hopeful for the future, but unsure what would happen. But by faith, I was assured that I and my family would find a better life - even if we had to change everything. Fast forward to today - my family has grown from 2 to 3, and we\'92re happier than ever in a brand new city. Life is great, and only getting better. \
\
The best is yet to come! :)}